Editing Tutorial Series (#2304)
vaadin/docs: articles/tutorial/components-and-layouts.adoc

---
title: Create a View
order: 40
page-title: Vaadin Flow Basics. Build a View With Components and Layouts
description: Flow uses an event-driven component model for building UIs. This tutorial page covers the basics.
---

= Create a Vaadin Flow View with Components

Vaadin is a Java framework for building web applications. It has a component-based programming model that allows you to build user interfaces.

> On this page, you will learn core Vaadin concepts and scaffold the first view of the Custom Relationship Management (CRM) application. It covers Vaadin component basics and constructing a view with the Vaadin Flow Java API.

Reviewer: I believe using the word “page” will be problematic if this tutorial is converted to a PDF again. You can see it here:

<img width="1231" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-28 at 15 55 33" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66382/228243000-35beb108-d3ba-4487-a789-59356673a7d5.png">

---
title: Creating a View
order: 40

> page-title: Vaadin Flow Basics: Build a View With Components and Layouts

Reviewer: I actually think the quotes are required here, since there’s a colon in the text (which is a special character in YAML).

    }
}
----

> 
> Below are comments about the code above. The numbers reference the circled numbers at the end of various lines of code.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following are comments about the code before. The numbers reference the circled numbers at the end of various lines of code.

```
